# CS230
In this course and final assignment I was tasked with working with The Gaming Room to develop an application called Draw It or Lose It. This application requirements included the need to be able to run on multiple platforms and devices, use a library of images for the game, and use a language that was compatible with different browsers in a web-based environment. 
I feel that I did very well with planning for scalability in the software design document. I feel that applications are constantly evolving to support users and provide a great experience. For this reason, scalability is essential. 
Developing the code for this project was an interesting experience. I found the UML diagram to be most helpful in keeping up with how each classes interacted and maintain clear thoughts about the design I wanted. 
If I had an opportunity to revise any section of the documentation, it would be the evaluation of each operating platform. I would start by learning more about each platform as I don't consider myself to be an expert with each platform. I would focus on the development requirements for each since this the area in which I came into the project with the least experience. 
For users needs, I considered that a user would want security, performance, and device compatibility. Its important to consider a user's needs when designing an application because the users are the reason for the application. They drive the continued growth of the application by providing feedback that is invaluable. 
I approached the design of the software with an open mind and recognized that I'm inexperienced when it comes to software design. I feel it will still be a good idea to approach a design with an open mind. This will allow me to really absorb any requirements and user needs that must be considered in a new design. Focusing on these things in the futue will allow me to not only be creative, but also meet the goals set forth for the project, and allow the project to be successful. 
